#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.18.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via ipython
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==23.1.21
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-auth==2.16.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.51.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.8.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imbalanced-learn==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.21.2
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.10.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.6.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.19.0
    # via jupyterlab
keras==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==15.0.6.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.5.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.0.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.6
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pywin32==305
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow-intel
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.11.2
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorflow-intel==2.11.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.30.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
y-py==0.5.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
